Customer contact details step (#473)
open-formulieren/open-forms-sdk: src/components/appointments/ContactDetailsStep.mdx

import {Meta, Story} from '@storybook/blocks';

import * as ContactDetailsStepStories from './ContactDetailsStep.stories';

<Meta of={ContactDetailsStepStories} />

## Contact details step

> The appointment form requires users to provide certain contact details. Which fields depends on the
> configuration of the appointment plugin and may even be influenced by the select product(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The appointment form requires users to provide certain contact details. Which fields depend on the
configuration of the appointment plugin and may even be influenced by the selected product(s).
```
